hi I'm pretty with County systems and
today we're going to be going over all
of the mugs that we carry our entire mug
family so what I've done is I've
gathered all of our different styles and
variety we're going to go over each one
so let's get started
starting with our mug eleven this is our
most popular coffee mug it's what you
think of when you think of a standard
coffee mug we have the 11 ounce and the
15 ounce size this is our top seller
very popular item we also have the Gator
mug which is very similar to the mug 11
it is just slightly different in size
and shape it is also a more economical
version of the standard mug 11 so you
want to be sure to check that out as
well the mug 11 also comes in black so
we have the white and black again 11 and
15 ounce sizes for all of our customers
that are interested in usa-made products
we offer a mug in the 11 and 15 ounce
sizes that are also made in the USA and
you'll see that it will be printed on
the bottom so you'll be able to kind of
make your product stand out from the
rest with that our poly sub mugs this is
a sublimated Bowl polymer and it is
lightweight its durable there's a
different way that we're going to press
these so you want to be sure to pay
attention we have a video on it as well
and this is just something different you
can offer your customer again 11 and 15
ounce size travel mug moving on to our
Stein's we have your basic Stein this
has a nice straight edge that goes all
the way down our Stein's with the flared
bottoms we offer in white and black and
we also have a clear glass version
available now this when we actually go
to price you're going to press the
little pewter insert we have a video on
it as well it's a very nice clean classy
mug the other sign you have this is
slightly larger it has the gold rim on
the outside it kind of gives it a nice
little decor at an edge d Tancred we put
with our Stein's it's almost similar in
its size and shape
but it's going to have the contoured
mouthpiece our tumbler this is a newer
item we have it has the silicon top and
it actually has the double walled
feature on it available so it should
trap your condensation on your beverage
very nice item as well moving on to our
novelty mugs we have the 11 and 15 ounce
this is our swirl mug has a really nice
neat little texture this is going to be
primarily used for any kind of art or
some kind of graphics design on there
it's gonna be harder to put people just
because of the different textures and
you'll want to be able to kind of test
it see what works with you so that you
really take advantage of having this
really cool texture on the mug another
novelty mug again this is a 20 ounce mug
it's a nice large coffee cup and it's
just something different very popular
right now actually - we also have our
loved mug this is two separate mugs that
come together and they have the little
heart handles on the side it's a great
Valentine's Day gift the anniversary
gift wedding it's a very cute little
different mug give you something else to
offer your customers we also have the
color-changing mugs they come in blue
and black as hot liquid is poured into
them so you pour your coffee in here
you'll notice that all of the black will
start to fade to a white and then
similar with the blue and then as the
cup itself cools you'll see the color
returned it'll be blue it will be black
again and it's just a different thing
for you to offer your customers I think
it's really cool we also have the rim
handle cups these mugs they have the rim
and handle colored we have them in black
maroon blue yellow and green we also
have a lot lock a size available this is
a 14 ounce latte cup these again are the
11 which is standard and then in a
larger 15 out size we offer the blue and
the black as well again the rim handle
and then keeping up with this style we
have the Deco mugs the main difference
is the rim handle you'll notice that it
is white except for the rim in the
handle and then the Deco mug is almost
the exact opposite where your colors
going to be directly in the center so
our larger deco size is again black and
blue and then we have the standard 11
ounce we have the maroon yellow black
green and blue available and we have two
different latte sizes again these are 14
ounces we have the deco and black and
blue and the latte size and then last
but not least we have the stainless
travel mug set we actually have a couple
of months I don't have with me we have
an 18 ounce and a 14 ounce to 22 ounce
and a 25 ounce but they have different
graphics available as well as far as the
coating so you want be sure to check out
all of these because this is a very very
popular item as well well that wraps up
our mug family and again one of the
greatest things about this product is
that you can make it in a mug press or
you can even do an oven wrap so there's
multiple ways that we can press these we
have videos on almost all of them you
want to be sure to check all of those
out and again mugs they can really apply
to anybody any customer whether it's
business or just straight decor we have
our digital downloads you can do a
monogram on a tumbler be a great little
gift item however you want to market
that to your customers you want to be
sure to check out our website for all of
our tips products and services and check
out more of my videos at conde TV comm
our new accounting systems and thank you
for joining us
you